SASB-96: add action to test Python projects (#23)
UKHomeOffice/sas-github-workflows: README.md

      dockerComposeComponents: 'postgres'
```````

### test-python.yml 

> Supports optional `pythonVersionMatrix` input that allows the specificity of Python version (default 3.11)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supports optional `pythonVersionMatrix` input that allows the specificity of Python version. A default is defined in the workflow.
```

Suggest we just note there is a default defined, but leave it to the code to document what the value is, to save us having to update the value in multiple places when the LTS changes.
